yes
all right here we go video camera action
the easiest way to upgrade your vehicle
bolt on a new set of BF goodrich tires
this is the basis for the new BF
Goodrich avatar everybody we're out here
on the set of our new campaign it's
going to be a real interesting spot he's
real different than what people are
seeing this category the campaign using
animal metaphors in unexpected ways to
demonstrate specific performance
attributes you get with BF goodrich
tires like grip and acceleration so this
is our fraud it's made out of silicon
this is a tailored version local legs
only the skin with no back extension by
showing what you obviously can't do
we're able to show a simple yet
memorable way what you can do for your
car
the bottom line is we're trying to build
some awareness for what these tires do I
mean you have wild animals you've got
fast cars and we've kind of combined it
to the main push for BF Goodrich is we
are not your grandmother plan we're for
people who are interested in pushing
their vehicles
the BF curry was the first street legal
time to pull one gator it's the lateral
grip that that the measure in here next
to consumer you have the same
opportunity we're driving the street
legal bars they can get the bolt on
performance on their cars boom you have
it
bfgoodrich the first street tire to pull
a 1g turn